PR: Update Changelog, Announcements and metadata files for 6.0.2 (#22787)
spyder-ide/spyder: Announcements.md

# Minor release to list

**Subject**: [ANN] Spyder 6.0.2 is released!

Hi all,

On the behalf of the [Spyder Project Contributors](https://github.com/spyder-ide/spyder/graphs/contributors),
I'm pleased to announce that Spyder **6.0.2** has been released and is available for
Windows, GNU/Linux and MacOS X: https://github.com/spyder-ide/spyder/releases

This release comes five weeks after version 6.0.1 and it contains the
following important fixes:

> * Several fixes and improvements to the update detection mechanism.
> * Fix SSH tunneling info handling for remote kernels connection and add remote client tests.
> * Fix issue related with Matplotlib inline backend registration.
> * Handle kernel fault file not being available.
> * Fix Debugger toolbar buttons and restore missing debugging buttons.
> * Update QtConsole constraint to 5.6.1 to support move cursor ANSI codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix plots not being generated with the Matplotlib inline backend.
* Restore missing debugger buttons to the main toolbar.
* Several fixes and improvements to the update detection mechanism.
* Fix SSH tunneling info handling for remote kernels connection and add remote client tests.
* Handle kernel fault file not being available.
* Update QtConsole constraint to 5.6.1 to support ANSI codes that move cursor.
```
